---
title: "About my experience"
date: 2021-11-10
categories:
---

An article about my experience

## About my experience

My name is Ajay, graduated from JNTUK-UCEV in the year 2020. During my last semester, I got a chance to get interviewed by Tilicho Labs. Fortunately, I got selected for the Technical Intern role initially. I have joined in Feb 2020. In the initial days, there was normal training for 1 month. After a month, I got into the Android team as an Android developer. This is where the real training started towards Android Technology where they trained in various topics in Android. This happened for a month. After a month, I was into a new project which was my first client project. In which I have learned many new topics in Android like Kotlin, RxJava, DataBinding, etc. After a few months in my first project, I have moved into another project which has a Web App with a decent number of users. That was a great experience. 

After two months in my second project, I have moved to another project which already has a Web App and required an Android app. In previous projects, I was mostly dependent on my seniors. But in this project, I was independent and learned a lot of things individually. Also encountered some crazy situations like App has been hacked, some backend leaks, etc. Taking those situations, We made strong blocks and made them hack-free. Also, We have a few challenges like weekly releases which lead to some late nights. Then this project has moved to react-native to provide access to iOS users. In which I have learned react-native and worked in real-time in react-native for 2 months.

Also, During my work, I have learned a lot of topics in Android and put them in a document and into medium blogs.