---
title: "About My favorite movie"
date: 2021-11-28
categories:
---

About My favorite movie

## About My favorite movie

This article is about my favorite movie.

My favorite movie is Jersey. It was a Telugu-language sports drama film written and directed by Gowtham Thinnanuri and starred Nani, Shraddha Srinath. This film won the National award in the year 2020. 

In 1986 at Hyderabad, Arjun was the talented Ranji player who is in love with Sarah. He was the top scorer of the 1986 Ranji series. Although he performed extraordinarily, he quits cricket when he repeatedly gets rejected to play in the Indian team. He is given a government job under the sports quota but loses it due to being accused of bribery. After 10 years in 1996, Arjun was jobless and scolded by this wife Sarah for being careless and not consulting a lawyer to get his job back. Their seven-year-old son Nani was playing for his school cricket team, asks Arjun for an Indian jersey. Arjun comes to know that the jersey costs Rs 500 and he promises his son that he will gift him the jersey for his birthday. As Arjun was jobless, he doesn't have enough money to buy the jersey, asks his friends but couldn't able to get the money.

Arjun's ex-coach Murthy approaches him to play a charity match between the Hyderabad team and the New Zealand team. Arjun promised a match fee of Rs 1000 as match fee. Arjun plays exceptionally well but he could make money as it was a charity match. When Nani asks him for a jersey, Arjun slaps him.

Under some circumstances, Arjun decides to play cricket again. His coach Murthy shocks first and later supports him. Arjun attends the Hyderbad Ranji selection trials and based on his performance he was selected into the Ranji team. Arjun starts playing the brilliant knocks and leads his team to the finals. In the finals, the Hyderabad team is stuck in a tough situation but he single-handedly wins the game and collapses right after the match.

Present in 2019, Nani and Sarah are invited to a felicitation ceremony of Arjun in a hotel. Nanu gets an Indian jersey from BCCI as Arjun has been selected for the Indian team based on his performance that year. Nani comes to know from a private doctor that Arjun was suffering from a heart disease called arrhythmia. Arjun had known when he was 26 years old and this was the real reason for quitting cricket.